

	1. INTRODUCTION
	Thank you for using Ossiomo e-tech! We hope that you find it to be a helpful resource. These Terms of Service (“Terms”) cover your rights and obligations relating to your access and use of the Ossiomo e-tech website and mobile application, and any other related services provided by us (collectively, the “Service”). All references to “we”, “us”, “our”, or “Ossiomo e-tech” refer to Bridgewaters foundation., a Delaware public benefit corporation. All references to “you”, “your”, or “user” refers to the end-user of the Service. All references to “Ossiomo e-tech Partners” refer to any persons or legal entities that receive or contribute funds raised as part of the Service, or who have otherwise contracted with Ossiomo e-tech to use the Service for their event or any other forms of partnerships. In addition to these Terms, please review the Ossiomo e-tech Privacy Policy  which describes our practices related to collection and use of your information to provide the Service. These Terms apply to our   as well and both these Terms and our Privacy Policy have been updated to comply with the requirements of a new data privacy law known as the EU General Data Protection Regulation (“GDPR”). By using the Service, you represent and agree that you have read, understand, and agree to be bound by both these Terms and our Privacy Policy as binding agreements.
	PLEASE CAREFULLY READ THESE TERMS, AS THEY CONTAIN IMPORTANT INFORMATION ABOUT YOUR RIGHTS AND RESPONSIBILITIES, INCLUDING LIMITATION OF OUR LIABILITY AND BINDING ARBITRATION. IF YOU DO NOT ACCEPT THESE TERMS IN THEIR ENTIRETY, YOU MAY NOT ACCESS OR USE THE SERVICE.
	Do not hesitate to contact us at ossiomoetechnologies@gmail.com if you have any questions or want to discuss these Terms.
	2. AGE POLICY; PERMITTED USERS
	The Service is not intended to be used by children under 13 years of age. By using the Service, you represent to Ossiomo e-tech that you are over 13 years old and that you are legally able to enter into this Agreement. If we learn or have reason to suspect that a user is under age 13, we will promptly delete any personal information in that user’s account and will terminate the Service. If you are between 13 and 18 years of age, you represent that you have permission from your parent or legal guardian to use the Service.
	3. PERMITTED USE OF THE SERVICE
	You may only use the Service for its intended purpose. You may not use the Service for any other purpose. Any non-permitted use of the Service, as determined in our sole discretion, shall be grounds for immediate termination of these Terms and immediate termination of your use of, and access to, the Service.
	4. LIMITATIONS ON USE OF THE SERVICE
	You are prohibited from violating or attempting to violate any security features of the Service, including, without limitation, accessing content or data not intended for you, or logging onto a server or account that you are not authorized to access; attempting to probe, scan, or test the vulnerability of the Service, or any associated system or network, or to breach security or authentication measures without proper authorization; interfering or attempting to interfere with service to any user, host, or network, including, without limitation, by means of submitting a virus to the Service, overloading, “flooding,” “spamming,” “mail bombing,” “crashing,” or undertaking similar activities; and forging any TCP/IP packet header or any part of the header information in any e-mail or in any posting using the Service. Further, you may not copy, sell, distribute, publish, download, or reproduce any aspect of the Service. You also may not modify, make derivative works of, decompile, reverse-engineer, disassemble, or otherwise convert any aspect of the Service. Further, you agree not to license, sell, rent, lease, transfer, assign, distribute, host, or otherwise commercially exploit the Service; you agree not to access the Service in order to build a similar or competitive service; you agree not to access (or attempt to access) any of the Service by means other than through the interface that is provided by Ossiomo e-tech; and you agree not to remove, obscure or alter any proprietary rights notices (including copyrights and trademark notices) which may be contained in or displayed in connection with the Service.
	5. OWNERSHIP OF THE SERVICE
	The Service contains important and proprietary property owned by us, including software and hardware that constitute our intellectual property and trade secrets. Nothing in these Terms shall be construed as a conveyance of any ownership right or title in or to our property. We only grant you a nonexclusive, nontransferable, non-sublicensable, and revocable license to use the Service for the purposes permitted by these Terms, and only for as long as you are permitted to access the Service.
	Further, you may choose to, or we may invite you to submit comments, suggestions, or ideas about the Service, including how to improve the Service (“Feedback”). By submitting any Feedback, you agree that your submissions are voluntary, gratuitous, unsolicited, and without restriction and will not place us under any fiduciary or other obligation. We may use, copy, modify, publish, or redistribute the submission and its contents for any purpose and in any way without any compensation to you. You also agree that we do not waive any rights to use similar or related ideas previously known to us, developed by its employees, or obtained from other sources.
	You may also choose to share photos or other similar materials through the Service. By submitting any such photos or similar materials, you agree that your submissions are voluntary and without restriction. You further agree that we may use, copy, modify, publish or redistribute such materials in order to promote Ossiomo e-tech or for other similar purposes without any compensation to you to the full extent permitted by GDPR.
	6. THIRD PARTY SITES AND SERVICES
	Our Service may be integrated with services provided by third parties as part of the functionality of the Service. You understand that, except as required by GDPR, we do not have control over third parties and that such third parties are not agents of Ossiomo e-tech. As such, we make no guarantees about, and assume no responsibility for, the information or services provided by third parties, except to the extent required by GDPR. You acknowledge and agree that we make no representation or warranty about, and do not endorse, third party’s products or services or the information provided by third parties, whether through the Service or otherwise. Accordingly, we are not responsible for your use of any third party product or service or any harm or losses arising from or relating to your use of any third party products or services, except to the extent required by GDPR. You should contact the third party with any questions about their products and services. Ossiomo e-tech hereby disclaims and you hereby discharge, waive and release Ossiomo e-tech and its licensors and suppliers from any past, present, and future claims, liabilities, and damages, known or unknown, arising out of or relating to your interactions with such third parties and their products and services. For California residents, YOU HEREBY WAIVE CALIFORNIA CIVIL CODE SECTION 1542 IN CONNECTION WITH THE FOREGOING, WHICH STATES: “A GENERAL RELEASE DOES NOT EXTEND TO CLAIMS WHICH THE CREDITOR DOES NOT KNOW OR SUSPECT TO EXIST IN HIS OR HER FAVOR AT THE TIME OF EXECUTING THE RELEASE, WHICH IF KNOWN BY HIM OR HER MUST HAVE MATERIALLY AFFECTED HIS OR HER SETTLEMENT WITH THE DEBTOR.” YOU HEREBY WAIVE ANY SIMILAR PROVISION IN ANY OTHER JURISDICTION.
	7. UPDATES TO THE SERVICE
	Ossiomo e-tech may from time to time develop patches, bug fixes, updates, upgrades and other modifications to improve the performance of the Service (“Updates”). These may be automatically installed without providing any additional notice or receiving any additional consent, except to the extent required by GDPR. If you do not want such Updates, your remedy is to terminate your account and stop using the Service. If you do not terminate a previously created account, you may receive Updates automatically. You acknowledge that you may be required to install Updates to use the Service. Your continued use of the Service is your agreement to these Terms with respect to the Service.
	8. INFORMATION YOU PROVIDE TO Ossiomo e-tech
	As part of the functionality of the Service we provide, you have the ability to provide us with information about yourself through your user account. The information collected by us is detailed in our Privacy Policy https://Ossiomoe-tech.org/privacy/. By providing this information, you grant us and the charities, mission-driven businesses, and the company donors who support and benefit from Ossiomo e-tech’ challenges (“Partners”) the right to use the information for the purposes described in these Terms and in our Privacy Policy and in furtherance of providing the Service, and you represent and warrant that you own, or have the authority to distribute, the information.
	By downloading the Ossiomo e-tech mobile application, you agree that we may use this information, including your email address, to send you the Ossiomo e-tech newsletter or to otherwise contact you about promotions, updates, and features of the Service.  If you do not want to receive the newsletter or other similar communications, you may opt out of receiving such communications by contacting us or by unsubscribing from the newsletter through the unsubscribe link provided in the newsletter.
	Further, A core aspect of the Service is providing our Partners with access to your personal data for the purposes described in our Privacy Policy (namely, for receiving metrics and analytics associated with a challenge that a Partner is supporting, and for providing Partners with your personal data to contact you about their products, services, and calls to action). While their use of your personal data is beyond our control, by agreeing to these Terms and our Privacy Policy, you do consent to our Partner’s use of your personal data as described above and in our Privacy Policy.
	9. INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY RIGHTS OF OTHERS
	You may not upload, download, display, perform, transmit, or otherwise distribute any information or content in violation of intellectual property or proprietary rights of any third parties. You represent and warrant to Ossiomo e-tech that you own, or have the right to use, all information that you provide on or through the Service. If you do not respect a third party’s intellectual property or proprietary rights, you are solely responsible for any violations of law.
	10. ACCOUNT TERMINATION
	At any time, you may terminate your account by sending us an email at ossiomoetechnologies@gmail.com. You can find more information on our practices related to storage of your information in our Privacy Policy https://Ossiomo e-tech.org/privacy/. Further, if you use the Service in a way that would expose us to liability, disrupt the Service of other users, or if you violate these Terms or our Privacy Policy, we reserve the right to terminate your user account or take other action to prevent your access to our Services if we, in our sole discretion, deem that such action is necessary.
